Belis Aladag: He shouldn't Anthony They're checked his
Belis Aladag: Cures report shows Suboxone film eight dash 2 million rounds given by Dr mondal fee on 316
Belis Aladag: Hello.
Belis Aladag: Hello. Hi. Anthony Allah DAG.
Anthony Thayer: Nice to meet you.
Belis Aladag: I heard you had some trouble logging on
Belis Aladag: Definitely. I see.
Anthony Thayer: This also is kind of get me.
Belis Aladag: I'm sorry, what
Anthony Thayer: Is apps always kind of get to me. I've had a client client relationship with empathy and it's kind of similar.
Anthony Thayer: The ways that it works, it's kind of confusing to me a little bit, so I'm glad we're here right now. Ready to get started.
Belis Aladag: Okay, good. I can't see you, though I just see a
Belis Aladag: Oh, there you are. Hello.
All right.
Belis Aladag: Um, okay, so I i I'm Dr Elena, and I will be helping you continue your prescription. It looks like are you already on Suboxone film. Yeah.
Anthony Thayer: I have had my soapbox in my day.
Belis Aladag: Oh, so are you feeling withdrawal right now like sniffly and
Anthony Thayer: Pretty bad just pretty bad. Yeah.
Anthony Thayer: Pretty bad way to laying in bed. This is the last day. I'm going to do this or want to go get drugs or get methadone or something tomorrow. Okay.
Belis Aladag: So the good news is we're here now and I can prescribe it to you right away. So you can go get some
Perfect.
Belis Aladag: So what happened, were you with a different provider changed company what happened.
Anthony Thayer: A table. Okay, there was this place. I went, yeah. And it's called rose with your tea and like they have their own psychiatrists and so while you're there for the next like 2821 days like they used to. Psychiatrists
Anthony Thayer: And I was
Anthony Thayer: I was heavily addicted to heroin and then what ended up happening was, I was supposed to have a meeting with like a psychiatrist. I was supposed to have this license to sell like Suboxone and then
Anthony Thayer: Corona and everything just met.
Anthony Thayer: Yeah, oh man, what a
Belis Aladag: Mess. So you were already set to like get continue your care. But you just couldn't do it. Yeah.
Like
Anthony Thayer: My caseworker case manager is helping me and he's like, Hey, we got this appointment and then doc. She's like, well, we need to go to through a screening process.
Anthony Thayer: And then that was last I heard about that. And so he said, hey, this is all I could do for you. He gave me this app, and then that was it.
Belis Aladag: Oh wow, well, thank God you're you're here with us and we'll get you connected. No problem. We'll get you your medication today. I think the team already put down. Let me just confirm before we even go on.
Belis Aladag: The team already put down your preferred pharmacy as gateway pharmacy on gateway Boulevard.
Anthony Thayer: Yeah, okay.
Belis Aladag: And you were getting it looks like Suboxone film eight dash two. How many were you taking a day.
Anthony Thayer: Two. Okay, so we can do that.
Belis Aladag: Are you taking both of them at the same time or back
Anthony Thayer: No, boom, and boom, not like boom boom like morning and night, kind of thing. Yeah. Okay, got it. So I will get that going for you.
Belis Aladag: All. So you already know how it works. So
Belis Aladag: We're kind of going out of order because I just want to reassure you that you're going to get your medication. So you're going to feel better quite soon. Okay, so
Belis Aladag: Um, and
Anthony Thayer: The way it works. So I was, you can do or
Anthony Thayer: Under the tongue.
Belis Aladag: Yeah, so, so there's tablets and there's films and either one is dissolving under your tongue. That's kind of how it gets into your bloodstream.
Yeah.
Belis Aladag: So you
Belis Aladag: Have to do it that way if you chew it or swallow it or something it bypasses your system and you don't
Anthony Thayer: Know boil available. Yeah, exactly. You got it.
Okay, so
Um,
Belis Aladag: Mondays. How are Mondays for you, can you can you meet with me in a group setting through zoom like this on Mondays at like
Anthony Thayer: 9am yeah Monday. Perfect. But it's a perfect right now, until, like I say they're not
Belis Aladag: Okay, perfect. Yeah.
Belis Aladag: We'll do that. So I'll give you, I'll give you a week's worth, which should cover you through Monday, actually. And then when I see one day I'll give you more.
Anthony Thayer: Than we have to go through this process.
Anthony Thayer: This process, hopefully we'll get a better next time.
Belis Aladag: Yeah, exactly. Yeah. Hopefully it's not as glitchy where and what happens is you go, you just the same thing you did you try to call into the virtual clinic.
Belis Aladag: But because the group is at nine just call them at like 815 820 if you can, if you're up just call them early
Belis Aladag: And say it doesn't hurt to check in early because what happens is they do whatever they need to do. They usually give you a survey, like, okay, how are your cravings, whatever. Some, some survey about your addiction and then they
Belis Aladag: Go. Oh, sorry.
Belis Aladag: It should be pretty
Belis Aladag: Maybe the first time will be a little bit longer but moving forward. The group from what I hear from the patients. It's a brief survey, it's not a big deal.
Belis Aladag: And then they give you a number a zoom number. And they're like, okay, well your group is meeting in this particular number today. You need that number so that you can then log in at nine and like start talking to us. So if you can do it.
Early
Anthony Thayer: So where was
Anthony Thayer: I was stuck in the waiting room and then that never happened.
Belis Aladag: So the virtual clinic NEVER GOT YOU THROUGH YOU WERE IN THE VIRTUAL clinic waiting room. Yeah, I said.
Anthony Thayer: Okay.
Anthony Thayer: I'm gonna go next time a lot
Anthony Thayer: Earlier do
Belis Aladag: Earlier earlier is better because if you finish early. That's great. At least you have the number that you need to come to me you know that's what you need is the numbers. So they need to just give you a number that's their main job the check you in with whatever they need to do.
Belis Aladag: And then give you the number. So if you get the number earlier than nine that's great because then you can just be there login see me. Get your prescription, you know, do that whole thing.
Belis Aladag: Also email you now so that you have the you probably already have the 800 number, but I'm going to give it to you in the email again.
Belis Aladag: If the virtual clinic is all clogged up for some reason you're having trouble, you can try to override call the 800 number and say, Hey dude, I'm still on the thing. I'm not getting through what's going on and try to bypass it that way.
Okay.
Anthony Thayer: I said, Anthony an email.
Anthony Thayer: Okay, good. Okay, that might have made it worth. I don't know.
Anthony Thayer: I'm just glad you're here because I was like, What's going on with him. I was here at 12 waiting, waiting, like, yeah, he'd
Anthony Thayer: Been
Belis Aladag: There like his, his system logged in to zoom and then they couldn't connect. I don't know.
Belis Aladag: Anyway, sorry about the technical stuff but
Anthony Thayer: First type thing.
Anthony Thayer: First time thing. Right. Yeah.
Belis Aladag: Okay. Um, I'm also going to prescribe Narcan for you. You know what that is the reversal agent in case of overdose.
Anthony Thayer: Yeah.
Belis Aladag: It's a spray in the nostril. Do you live with anybody.
But yeah
Belis Aladag: Yeah. Who do you live.
Anthony Thayer: I live in. I live in a shelter right now you live with a lot of people
Belis Aladag: Are you living with a bunch of people. Okay, so
Belis Aladag: I mean,
Belis Aladag: It's, it's good to have it doesn't hurt anybody. If you, if someone passes down, you're like, I don't know if it's heroin or opiates, like what's going on with this guy, but he's not waking up to spray it.
Belis Aladag: Back and call 911 it is temporary. So you do want to still call 911 because they may slip back into the overdose.
Belis Aladag: Yeah okay um okay so we got that. So the good news is your prescription is in to that pharmacy, you can get as soon as we're done here. You can just call or
Go over there.
Anthony Thayer: That's awesome.
Belis Aladag: So tell me what you can about your history. So like in terms of
Belis Aladag: allergy meds. Do you have allergies to medications. No.
Anthony Thayer: No. Have you had surgeries, the jaw surgery jaw surgery. Okay.
Belis Aladag: Um, how long ago was that
Anthony Thayer: Over here.
Belis Aladag: Any did that have anything to do with your addiction, like they started out. Oh no. Okay. Um, and family history. Is there a family history of people using substances or
Anthony Thayer: Yeah, who is, who has that dad step just pretty much everyone that I
Anthony Thayer: Would say as family, except for my little brothers and sisters
Okay.
Anthony Thayer: Your little brother, Grandma.
Belis Aladag: Maternal grandma.
Anthony Thayer: Yeah, okay.
Belis Aladag: Colonel grandma. Your mom, your dad all drug use alcohol use.
Anthony Thayer: Yeah, pain pill like my step mom takes pain pill prescription without
Anthony Thayer: A prescription be hers dad takes pain pills lot of pain pills and has always been like addicted to pain pills and stuff and then
Anthony Thayer: My step. My mom is like the horse like she's been incoherence since like 2000 and then like, then she just recently got off the drugs and she sounded clear as day so I was just like wow
Belis Aladag: Wow. And for her. It's opioids to painkillers.
Anthony Thayer: It's painkiller whatever these doctors prescriber and it is painkillers and my Xanax and like everything she does not take her dosage. Right. And so she gets all messed up like so if I have a baby or something. She comes all messed up like
Anthony Thayer: You know yeah yeah that's worse.
Belis Aladag: So you said she cleared up.
Anthony Thayer: I think so. She said she's talking very clearly now yeah and driving Uber.
Belis Aladag: Wow. Okay, good.
Anthony Thayer: Okay.
Belis Aladag: Alrighty.
Belis Aladag: Okay, gotcha. And then social history, you mentioned you're in a shelter at this time. WHAT'S GOING ON WITH YOU WERE YOU DID YOU HAVE A you have a wife and kids or girlfriend like any. What's your history with that.
Anthony Thayer: I did but my mental illness like push them away, push my girl away, I've Borderline Personality Disorder. I really associate with that like diagnosis, a lot. And then like
Anthony Thayer: I mean, I've been homeless and sounds like 16 just often on like never been in a place for longer than a year, almost like
Anthony Thayer: Longest is about a year, you know, I just been moving and moving, moving, moving
Anthony Thayer: Always moving always on the go. Okay.
Anthony Thayer: I'm borderline reviving
Belis Aladag: Okay, any other mental illness. What we're borderline is the main thing for you.
Anthony Thayer: Yeah, I mean, so
Anthony Thayer: So, I mean, I've been described diagnosed with bipolar.
Anthony Thayer: But then doctor said, I don't think you have Bipolar I think you have borderline, like you said, and I was like, Okay, thank you. Because I think that's true, too. And here's just like
Anthony Thayer: Alright. Have a good day. But like I've been diagnosed with like sense borrow like OCD ADHD ADHD, just like wham, bam. Every diagnosis, across the board, except for schizophrenia.
Anthony Thayer: Because I know I
Anthony Thayer: Don't hear voices receive like
Anthony Thayer: I'm just like, Well, I don't even know. We take for that.
Anthony Thayer: You you
Belis Aladag: Your diagnosis with all these things since you were young, were you medicated that they try to give you immense for him and stuff.
Anthony Thayer: They did. Yeah, they gave me
Anthony Thayer: OH four for the OCD, I forget like that was kind of like
Anthony Thayer: My step mom would just bring them in there and say, he doesn't shut up about this one single thing you know, or like whatever
Anthony Thayer: I was severely I guys really abused in like my parents, where the, where the
Anthony Thayer: I'm sorry, I was like, really abuse and my stepmom and take me to these appointments and
Anthony Thayer: Get the doctor to like think of certain type of way that I go to the appointment and he's like, yep, or whatever, Stefan said I was just like, what, like weird, but I was taking taking Ritalin or Adderall and then concert
Anthony Thayer: And then I was taking so that's why when I was like 1516
Anthony Thayer: And all the way until I was like
Anthony Thayer: I don't know 22 and it works for me. Like I said, like really progressive and like you know
Anthony Thayer: But then it was like
Anthony Thayer: Had a couple mental
Anthony Thayer: Lost my prescription
Anthony Thayer: Not lost my prescription, but like wasn't seeing that doctor anymore. Moving to more like Sacramento kind of area.
Anthony Thayer: And then self medicating I started using like math and stuff.
Anthony Thayer: And then
Anthony Thayer: And then from there I tried like oxy cotton.
Anthony Thayer: And I was a really, really into oxy cotton, it was kind of like it was kind of like math for me. But like, it made me just really personable and stuff like that. And that's all I wanted was like really good character and like good features inside the body. You know, like
Anthony Thayer: And so then I was like heroin and just like all across the board wham, bam, just all the drugs and then on
Anthony Thayer: I've been doing this off and on thing for me. And then recently I just been Zana,
Anthony Thayer: Devastating. But these are not this regulars annex is there.
Anthony Thayer: I think
Anthony Thayer: In
Anthony Thayer: Depth.
Oh,
Anthony you're cutting off.
I'm here.
Can you hear me you were cutting off.
Anthony Thayer: I heard the part about the Xanax that they're not like regular Xanax, they're like super duper Xanax, that's the one thing you were getting into
Anthony Thayer: The other these are fentanyl for sure. Sentinel
Anthony Thayer: Put your tongue on them and you're done. Like you're done for a day and a half.
Anthony Thayer: And so then that so I found out and then that was just like, who I fell in love with it. I can just fall asleep and wake up whenever I you know
Anthony Thayer: Didn't have to think about, you know, I would just fall asleep and, like, just go back and scared my wife.
Anthony Thayer: Because I wanted to die.
Anthony Thayer: Like, you know, I wanted to go to sleep in a really good
Belis Aladag: when when when was that
Anthony Thayer: That was like after a complicated pregnancy. You like we had this fucking pregnancy and I'm supposed to do like hella grateful, but like, my life has been like the same way. Like we end up having a baby at one pound five ounces and like
Anthony Thayer: I don't know what how to think about that you know I'm saying, like, I just don't know how to process that like
Anthony Thayer: She's like, Well, I'm going to take care of my baby. It's like, well, you're the mom you carried the baby. You've been carrying the baby. You know what I'm saying. And then like
Anthony Thayer: They I don't new therapy or counseling. And I'm like, so I just like I tried self medicating we can just because I don't have a regular doctor, I don't have a regular description like
Anthony Thayer: You know, I don't know what to do. Like I had no one to talk to you. So I started just get in this shirt like
Anthony Thayer: And fentanyl Xanax was the one. And so I just like, did that skit like scared the shit out of her and then like Lost my whole family like forever. You know, like I see my son like twice a week now and it's just not the same.
Anthony Thayer: So fuck you know
Belis Aladag: Okay. How old is he now.
Anthony Thayer: He's too.
He's two years old. Yeah. Wow. So he was born, really, really small.
Anthony Thayer: He was a micro preemie
Belis Aladag: Wow, he's
Anthony Thayer: Healthy 23 weeks, five days, but he's got some respiratory issues.
Anthony Thayer: But like he's great. Yeah, he's he's great, he's just learning, learning, learning, learning, he's a little slow like he doesn't say I love you too easily or like words in three sequences like three words in a sequence. I'm kind of hard on because like
Anthony Thayer: Early know I needed I needed to be like get like staying with the program like staying with like, you know,
Anthony Thayer: Me hitting those milestones.
Anthony Thayer: Because it's important
Anthony Thayer: Like, I don't really want to have a child like that's disabled or
Anthony Thayer: Like, like me.
Anthony Thayer: You know,
Well, I wouldn't say you're done. It doesn't sound like you're dumb at all.
Okay, so that was two years ago that hard complicated pregnancy you not knowing what to do, how to deal with everything going towards the fentanyl Xanax and just almost wanting to, like, just like go and not wake up.
Anthony Thayer: Yeah. And then she just so you want to hear about more recent Yeah, she said, No, you're out of the house. Like, you're done.
Anthony Thayer: Okay, so, so, so she was cheating. Anyway, she was cheating. Anyways, so it's just like any, you know, but um
Anthony Thayer: So that was
Anthony Thayer: Abandoned terribly just like everything else in my life did kind of them. Um,
Anthony Thayer: I don't know, like I've been doing alcohol.
Anthony Thayer: And the now nothing just just Suboxone
Anthony Thayer: You know,
Belis Aladag: Yeah, so that's the most reason. So tell me, okay. So how did you end up in that 28 day or 30 day program.
Anthony Thayer: Oh, I got I got suicidal sort of cut my wrists.
Anthony Thayer: And then I got help for it. They went there once got suicide or was too son got went there once, and then they helped me. They got me into an apartment that I smashed some alcohol like
Anthony Thayer: Like, wow, like a lot of alcohol got drunk and really like because I was already suicidal. And I was like, I'm gonna kill myself. I do not know you know and like
Anthony Thayer: I didn't want to cut my wrists or anything, but I was just drinking like contemplating and and everything like that. And it was just like
Anthony Thayer: I can't stay here and you were like, great. Fuck you know this is much harder. Like, and I had to go back to the mental Institute back to rosewood and then
Anthony Thayer: I saw this doctor who prescribe Suboxone and I've never been prescribed Suboxone because I was doing
Anthony Thayer: Those fentanyl the Xanax and stuff again.
Anthony Thayer: And so they said like, you know, do you think you have like a dual diagnosis. Like I said, I do have a dual diagnosis like drugs and stuff. She's like, Well, how about medication assisted treatment.
Anthony Thayer: And I was like, show like you know she's like, how much do you use a day, I was like, well, I can like
Anthony Thayer: I'm I'm pretty big already and then like I do have a high tolerance to
Anthony Thayer: You know, Ken my money put it for, I don't think so. But like I can do a lot of heroin and was doing a lot of heroin and doing the fentanyl too. And so she prescribed me on Suboxone
Anthony Thayer: The heroin and fentanyl ARE YOU WERE YOU injecting these things are you, what are you taking yeah rejected heroin. I took fentanyl in the form of a pill.
Okay, so then she got you on the Suboxone in the Suboxone really helps your cravings. Right. I mean, it helps the cravings. It calms them down. You're not resorting back
Anthony Thayer: When you're on. Yeah, it's like it's kind of like i think i think this is what you guys are thinking, I don't know. It's like get me hooked on this instead of
Anthony Thayer: going out and doing how and stuff like that. Give me hooked on this right. It's basically something. It is a partial opioid so you're right about the hooked part is, yeah, you, you have a dependency on it because
Belis Aladag: If you stop it like you did, you know, you, you're kind of forced to you notice you're going through withdrawal. The withdrawal is slower to onset, because it's a longer acting substance, but it's still so so the point is, yes, you're dependent on it.
Belis Aladag: But if we use it long enough where your brain kind of gets back to normal. You know how you're saying you have a high tolerance and
Belis Aladag: Stuff heroin and fentanyl if we use this long enough, your tolerance may go down your brain receptors will regulate themselves again and be more sensitive again to to opioids and whatever.
Belis Aladag: All that healing will happen to baseline levels and then we can, if you feel stable and you want to we can slowly get you off of this very, very slowly like one milligram at a time per month or something and like get you off of
Anthony Thayer: You have to eventually
Belis Aladag: You know,
Belis Aladag: But you're right.
Belis Aladag: It's kind of like this is the safer alternative instead of
Belis Aladag: Doing all that crazy stuff this we know has a ceiling effect on how much it can stop your breathing. So your overdose risk is like super low
Belis Aladag: You don't have all the other risks associated with injecting and then using things off the street, we don't know the quality or what's really in the, you know what I mean, all
Belis Aladag: Those with that and the chaos, you know, the chaos and your mind, your money, your well being.
Belis Aladag: Yeah. So yeah, I mean that's sticking to the medication and staying away from the other stuff. That's the main goal right
Belis Aladag: Do you feel like that would be something you want to try to do again like that's what we want to do, right.
Anthony Thayer: That's what we're doing anything. Okay.
Belis Aladag: Good. Okay.
Awesome.
Belis Aladag: In terms of alcohol.
Belis Aladag: It's not a good idea to be drinking at all with Suboxone because again it is a partial to opioids. So I really would encourage you to stay sober from all
Anthony Thayer: Know, yeah. I have to. Yeah, I have to say server.
Belis Aladag: Yeah, and you're mentioning this mental illness. History
Anthony Thayer: Which
Anthony Thayer: Of all the different things, you're
Anthony Thayer: Diagnosed with
Belis Aladag: borderline seems to be the most like relevant to you and you're like,
Belis Aladag: That's the one that like rings true
Belis Aladag: It's just the best idea to keep your mind clear of like I said mind altering substances as much as possible.
Belis Aladag: That includes medication you know like if we can get you off all medication, that'd be great to one day, but I think if we can keep this sensual like Suboxone right now is essential launch you alive. We want you to healthy and then we can slowly work on getting that off to
Belis Aladag: And then through bright heart health, you will have an assigned you have an assigned therapist. Her name is Serena. You can see her virtually as well. One on one if you want like once a week to just kind of get working on all this stuff.
Anthony Thayer: Yeah yeah
Belis Aladag: I think it'll be good for you. I'm so, so
Anthony Thayer: Excited actually about this program.
Belis Aladag: I think I think it'll be good. I think it's good because you can take it anywhere. Wherever you're at, you know, if you move out of the shelter wherever you're at. You have it. You have your phone.
Anthony Thayer: Yeah, yeah. Um, and then what else can I tell you, okay.
Belis Aladag: So the suicidal stuff. It's, it's definitely worrisome. You know that it was happening. Multiple times. Multiple attempts. It sounds like right
Anthony Thayer: Through my life.
Anthony Thayer: Yeah.
Belis Aladag: And do you feel that you're a high risk right now.
Anthony Thayer: Yeah, I mean, some people might call me high risk, I don't think so.
Anthony Thayer: I really don't give a fuck. I'm just kind of just staying along for the ride.
Anthony Thayer: Okay, I get this Corona thing is kind of interesting to watch.
Yeah, it definitely plays a number on all of our mental health. Yeah.
Belis Aladag: So,
Belis Aladag: The thing is this. If you feel at any point that you're at high risk, like this is really bad like something's not good, then you need
Belis Aladag: You need like you know what you need. You've done it before with the rosewood. It sounds like that's where you would go that's the help you would seek right
Anthony Thayer: You call nine whatever
Belis Aladag: Because the thing is
Anthony Thayer: Good crisis.
Belis Aladag: Yeah crisis line and stuff. You need to have those resources available and you need to
Belis Aladag: know in your heart that that's you're not at that level because bright heart health. There's like this rule they make it very clear like high risk patients are not appropriate for our program because we're at a distance. I think that's the main reason why they say
Anthony Thayer: That yeah I don't think I'm high risk, and I have and I have other options available to me like if I ever got to that even point
Anthony Thayer: I know that you're not like you. There's nothing you can do. But like across the street, someone can do something like, I know. Yeah, so no high risk. Okay. Okay. All right. Um,
Belis Aladag: So we'll just say moderate at this point, moderate risk, you know, you're kind of passive, but maybe if we get you
Anthony Thayer: Back on your medication and you're not and
Belis Aladag: Withdraw you'll feel even better.
Anthony Thayer: We all feel way better right now.
Belis Aladag: Better more hopeful like more, you know,
Anthony Thayer: Will be given things done.
Belis Aladag: Yeah, you know, just checking things off your list of how to take care of yourself and then, you know, and you
Anthony Thayer: For your son and
Belis Aladag: Okay, uh, anything else I want to ask you about. I think that's, I think you've covered a lot of territory you briefly mentioned news when you were a kid.
Belis Aladag: I mean,
Belis Aladag: I think when you talk to the therapist.
Belis Aladag: It's an idea. I don't know. Have you
Anthony Thayer: Had therapist.
Anthony Thayer: For that stuff, or have you ever taught. Yeah, yeah.
Anthony Thayer: I'm good I'm good on that.
Anthony Thayer: Well done with that.
Anthony Thayer: So we're all done with that.
Anthony Thayer: Are you going to prescribe these segments to
Belis Aladag: So psychiatric meds. If you need psych meds, I would, we would make you an appointment through us again but with a psychiatric provider, because I'm an addiction specialist, but I don't, I'm not a psychiatrist I'm family medicine.
Belis Aladag: So do you think you're going to need that you would you like to be evaluated or
Anthony Thayer: Yeah, he's going to need that definitely gonna need that. Yeah. Cuz I have like a high anxiety. I mean,
Anthony Thayer: It's a war zone for me, you know,
Anthony Thayer: I have PTSD, too. So it's just like
Anthony Thayer: I can't
Anthony Thayer: Yeah, I don't see myself going without the meds right now. You know, I have plenty. So, but it definitely needs to be like schedule them like to do I call to schedule it
Belis Aladag: So I'll put in an inquiry, so that the team knows, you need this and they'll, they'll have that in the system, but you can instigate it too. So you call the virtual clinic again.
Belis Aladag: And you say, hey, I met with addiction, Doctor. SHE HAS MOUNTAINS Suboxone that's great, but she also said, I need to see a psychiatrist for my psychiatric needs my psychiatric medications can I book an appointment.
Anthony Thayer: Again,
Belis Aladag: That virtual clinic.
Belis Aladag: That same clinic, you called and I'm going to email you
Belis Aladag: I'll email you now. So you'll have the virtual clinic zoom number and you'll also have that 800 number that I talked about.
Belis Aladag: Can't get through just call the 800
Anthony Thayer: What is their physician.
Anthony Thayer: I'm sorry. Your physician.
Yes.
Yes, uh huh.
Anthony Thayer: So I haven't seen a physician for years and years.
Anthony Thayer: And was trying to set that up. So you're just specifically addiction specialist physician.
Belis Aladag: Yep.
Anthony Thayer: Addiction specialist physician, I'm
Belis Aladag: For primary care like
Anthony Thayer: Just a general
Belis Aladag: Physical
Anthony Thayer: Like general check in, um,
Belis Aladag: I think I don't think bright heart provides that at this point but
Anthony Thayer: You can. I don't know.
Belis Aladag: I don't know, depending on your insurance, you can call it whatever insurance you have and just say I need primary care, Doc, you know,
Right, you know,
Belis Aladag: Okay, I'm looking at your, your script history here and you were talking about medications are you, it looks like you're on.
Belis Aladag: Let's see what Gabba Penton. Are you still on that.
Anthony Thayer: Yeah, okay. So you have Gabba Penton 800 milligram
Tablets.
Anthony Thayer: Yeah okay and then I see
Belis Aladag: A Tama atomic sitting
Anthony Thayer: At a Mexican. Yeah. Yes. Okay.
Anthony Thayer: I'm not saying that currently got my god
I see.
Anthony Thayer: Hydroxyl scene that's probably for anxiety anxiety. Okay, like a better drill
Let's see.
Anthony Thayer: ox car busy ox carbons up in. What's that, yeah.
Anthony Thayer: It's a mood stabilizer for that actually might help me. I think a lot. I think
Anthony Thayer: Okay, I see processing. I see trouser don't do you still take turns it on for sleep presidents for PTSD and night terrors and sleep is yeah, hard to get by. OK. And then from both and then the is this effects or the Venlo faxing. Yeah, he answered. The major depressive disorder.
Okay, so I see those. Is there anything else that you're normally on
Anthony Thayer: Those are, those are his new medications were trying out okay I've done this so many times. Okay. But, hoping to stick with one provider. Yes. I hope so.
Belis Aladag: So yeah, so those are the four I dragged them up into your file of active men's in our system. So when you see the psychiatrist, you can say, yeah, I think she put them up there. And then she can list them off to you.
Anthony Thayer: confirm it. Okay.
Anthony Thayer: She can do your referrals that way. Okay, so
Belis Aladag: We'll I'll put them the inquiry, let them know that you need that. But you're going to call right now anyway and tell them you need that.
Anthony Thayer: Person. That's a gateway. Oh.
Anthony Thayer: That's right. Mm hmm. Okay, to call them today.
And then
Anthony Thayer: Can we make sure they're open first like because of the coronavirus
Belis Aladag: Uh, well, here's the deal you it's it's the gateway pharmacies what's what we have listed for you, but if you find
Belis Aladag: That it's closed or whatever, like call and figure it out. If it's closed, and you're like, oh, it's not working this other one is better again call the virtual clinic and say, you know, it was sent to gateway, but it's actually supposed to go to wherever and let them do
Anthony Thayer: It and we can change it. I know they're kind of high priority with the medication. They don't really just like you have to like approve that there's something. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Well, I'll try to get that done as early as I can. Yeah.
Belis Aladag: Do that. So it's in your system and you're feeling better and and then I'll see you on Monday at nine but try to come in at like 830 or something. Okay.
Anthony Thayer: Will do will do. Okay. Okay. Yeah, it's nice for you if you need anything, you know, you just again call the virtual clinic and they should connect to. Okay, thank you, fellas.
Anthony Thayer: Okay. You're welcome. All right. That's your name right.
Belis Aladag: It's beliefs. Ya Allah deck. Yeah.
Anthony Thayer: Blue salad. Yes. Okay. Thank you. Believe. Okay, take care of you.
Okay.
Belis Aladag: Next patient is that was Anthony their
Belis Aladag: Next patient is David Rudd and
Belis Aladag: I checked his cures. It looks like Dr Reitman on three eight prescribed phenobarbital and sub you text Tablets. Tablets occasion.
Belis Aladag: Hello.
Belis Aladag: Sorry, I'm catching you right there.
David Rudd: So I'll just walk in the spirit.
Okay.
Belis Aladag: How are you today.
David Rudd: I'm good, how are you, good, good, good. Let me just
Belis Aladag: Pull up your chart. While we're waiting here. Hold on.
Okay.
Belis Aladag: Do it even have you been our patient before or
David Rudd: I tried like
David Rudd: I tried to do it like I didn't really try but I signed up and did everything, like, a year ago, but I didn't follow through. I didn't really do it groups or or nothing.
Belis Aladag: I see.
David Rudd: So that was good. And I'm sorry I couldn't transfer. I couldn't get on the meds. I was having a hard time just simply getting on the meds.
Belis Aladag: Oh, like inducing
Belis Aladag: parting thoughts on you, me,
David Rudd: Yeah, getting on to it.
Belis Aladag: Yeah, yeah. And, but I see from the system, you know, we have the database we can look at a controlled substances, looks like you saw my colleague, he's a great colleague of mine, Dr Reitman
David Rudd: And yeah, Doctor.
Belis Aladag: Was that at miracles were you at
David Rudd: A detox facility, did you get on sub you Tex. Yeah. Yeah, I tried that for a little bit. Okay.
Belis Aladag: So that was on the eighth of this month of March, right.
David Rudd: Yeah yeah
Belis Aladag: So, so, so what happened. So are you on it now or did you try and then fall off. And what happened. I
David Rudd: I tried it.
David Rudd: I wanted to go as natural as possible. So I just, I took like one or one and one of the Go Natural and I came home after detox and and just failed.
David Rudd: So it's been like what since the eighth, you said, Yeah.
David Rudd: Yeah. And I just want to, um, I was thinking maybe I can get back on the something similar Suboxone Sublime Text whatever you think and
David Rudd: And do you guys have meetings in and try again. Really, that's all I can do. But I've never done like like a maintenance type like I've never been on long term Suboxone or or nothing but it's worth a shot. I think at this point.
Belis Aladag: Yeah, yeah. So, so I hear you about wanting to be natural and like not have to take meds and like not have to do things, and like, you know, everything has its, you got to go to the groove, yet you know all the stuff that comes with it.
Belis Aladag: Responsibility but but i i'm telling you I so I'm an addiction. Doctor, I'm Dr. Allen deck and I
Belis Aladag: I've been working with people and I've seen it all. Like, I've seen it back. We used to do detox, people would really demand detox. I just want detox and then get on in my life. And it's like, so many people would just fall right back in because of the cravings, you know,
David Rudd: You're right. Yeah, and I think a much better approach.
Belis Aladag: For a lot of people is to stay on the medication.
Belis Aladag: And then at a sweet spot at a, at a spot where you feel like, okay, this is just enough to get me comfortable where I'm not thinking about using I'm okay. Like I can get on in my life do whatever I need to do.
Belis Aladag: And not have cravings right and not go into withdrawal.
Belis Aladag: And then, and then once you get to a place that allows your brain to heal so so unlike other opiates. This is still a partial opioid but it's different in the sense that it lasts super long
Belis Aladag: So it allows your receptors to come back to normal sensitivity. So, so like
Belis Aladag: Your tolerance will go down your everything will kind of regulate but that takes time and and the longer you're on the medication, the better for you.
Belis Aladag: And then when you're at a place in your life where you're like, socially, like, okay. I'm okay. I got my job. I got whatever everything squared away. I feel very confident in my sobriety. Now I got some good months maybe a year under my belt.
Belis Aladag: Okay, now I think I'm ready to slowly try to get off this thing and then we can slowly get you like one milligram at a time like off, off the Suboxone or the buprenorphine and
Belis Aladag: People do well, you know, I feel like that that works.
Yeah.
David Rudd: Yeah, no, I want to try that. I'll be I'll be good.
David Rudd: Yeah, just try
Belis Aladag: This try it. And then, and you know, like you said, all you can do is try and put your best foot forward, I mean you just keep
Belis Aladag: Trying man like you got to do this. It's your life.
Belis Aladag: So talk
Belis Aladag: A bit about like how your addiction started like, how were you in your teens, like when you first started using any drugs like what how, what's your history with all that
David Rudd: I think I'm as a teenager, I started young just experimenting like 16 or so and experimenting and I never really got to begin to alcohol but always smoke weed.
David Rudd: START SMOKING WEED. And I didn't mess for for a long time but seemed like I always getting I stopped doing the method I would always get in trouble. And I would always get in trouble. And when I was 30 I am
David Rudd: I am I got her I hurt my back and I had to go ahead, have a lemon next to me back surgery and and it started with the narcos and and and that whole story really, you know,
David Rudd: Waiting from there. Yeah, and
David Rudd: So yeah, so dang it started been like seven years I've been like struggling with this. I got introduced to like a na
David Rudd: Two, three years ago and
David Rudd: The longest I've had sober was like 910 months but working, working, like the program and stuff like that. And it wasn't all that long ago. Really was was
David Rudd: I got sober in April last year and I stayed sober for almost 10 months and then I just been struggling last couple months trying to figure just struggling so
David Rudd: Yeah, that's, that's really it.
Belis Aladag: Okay, so you said you were sober from like
Belis Aladag: April of 2018 or
2019 2019 okay
Thousand 19 until
Belis Aladag: Last when, like you said,
David Rudd: February.
Belis Aladag: February. Okay, and then February kind of fell off again. Yeah.
Belis Aladag: Okay, and you're trying and we're going to get you back.
Belis Aladag: Yeah. So what have you been, what is your use now like are you injecting I use snorting it are you smoking it. What do you, what do you do
David Rudd: I smoke it on the foil. Okay.
Belis Aladag: Okay, and how much would you say how do you quantify it. Is it money like how much you spend
David Rudd: It's just been very, very little. This time, maybe like 10 bucks a day just I'm not allowing myself to get sick, really. Okay, just a minimal amount. Yeah.
Belis Aladag: Okay, um,
Belis Aladag: So, so yeah between
Belis Aladag: Suboxone and and sub tasks like the there's the motto formulation buprenorphine and then there's the combo.
Belis Aladag: Combo Mano it really doesn't matter it's supposed to work exactly the same way that the beauty is the active ingredient. The second combo thing is in there so people don't inject because supposedly if you
Belis Aladag: Melted or whatever it is, and try to inject it with that combo thing and then it starts taking effect and like puts it in reversal.
David Rudd: You know, it's like a river. Yeah.
Belis Aladag: But if you take it like you're supposed to under your tongue melting it
Belis Aladag: Either way, you get the same effect. It should be just buprenorphine effect, right.
David Rudd: So just
You know,
Belis Aladag: Is there a reason why you want it, is there one that you prefer, or you don't.
David Rudd: Yeah, well, I'm always heard that the the subjects that you don't have to wait x amount of hours, like you're not to wait a full 24 hours to take it is. I don't know if that's true or
Belis Aladag: Not true, not true. Again, they're both essentially work the same way.
David Rudd: Yeah right, then either one.
Belis Aladag: Yeah. Either one is fine. So, so I'll give you the combo. I'll give you
Belis Aladag: Depending on your insurance. Let's see.
Belis Aladag: Okay, I think that the tablet is usually the cheapest way to go. Um, it's just a tablet, you put under your tongue and you let it melt.
Belis Aladag: And when you want to start it is when you start feeling couple of symptoms of withdrawal like physical right so either like you're crying in bed or you need easily sniffly you know everyone's different goosebumps.
Belis Aladag: Tools some pain. I don't know. So, so you have to have at least a couple of those guys happening to that you're like okay the the
Belis Aladag: The opiate is leaving my brain and I'm feeling it. That's when you know you're ready to take your Suboxone so it doesn't have to be 24 hours. It doesn't have to be 12 hours. Everybody's different. And how quickly they go into withdrawal.
David Rudd: Yeah, okay.
Belis Aladag: So for you, you're smoking like that small amount of day when, when do you smoke smoke all day. These look like a couple times a day, or like
David Rudd: Yeah, maybe just a little bit throughout the day, you know, like, like come hit it like twice throughout the day.
Belis Aladag: Twice. Okay, so
Belis Aladag: You had some maybe this morning.
David Rudd: Yeah, no, I've been waiting on this appointment. So this is like last night.
Belis Aladag: Last night. Okay, so would you use again if you if you were just to use you would use again around now, or would you wait a little bit
David Rudd: I was just trying to get on the Suboxone really I was trying to just put out of my mind completely, you know, and just get get onto the medicine. Good. So that's where I'm at. But yeah, I would have smoked a long time ago. Okay, so you
Belis Aladag: Are you starting to see you're starting to feel uncomfortable.
David Rudd: I'm not so much but a little, a little bit.
Belis Aladag: So, so wait
Belis Aladag: You know yeah wait it's better. The thing is, you don't want to start too early. When you're still semi comfortable because it might put you into withdraw and then you'll
David Rudd: Feel that yeah I've had that happen before precipitated withdraw.
Belis Aladag: Yeah, so if you look pretty. Okay.
Belis Aladag: Yeah okay, you could probably last till tonight.
Belis Aladag: Yeah, you know. It's one o'clock here my time, right, you're in California. So, um, yeah, like maybe 5pm. I don't know. You'll see how long you can last but
Belis Aladag: For you. Wait, the easier it is on your system and you'll probably accept it better.
David Rudd: If you wait run right if you if you can sleep through the
Belis Aladag: Night. And then if you wake up and you're like, Okay, I'm having children like really withdrawal, then take it. You could do it that way too.
David Rudd: Yeah. All right.
Belis Aladag: Just be safe, like, the longer the better, but you don't want to be in super agony either it's a balance.
Belis Aladag: Um, so I'll give you that. I'll give you the tabs. Um, I think what I'll do is I'll give you
Belis Aladag: I'll give you eight milligram tablets and I'll ask you to take half of it which is four milligrams. So I'll say, okay, when you're ready to start you take half of it.
Belis Aladag: See, and see how you feel. And then maybe later in the day, you take another half so you do have in the morning, half in the evening.
Belis Aladag: And see if that'll because you've been smoking a relatively smaller amount you're saying, I'm thinking maybe that'll be sufficient.
David Rudd: Of it.
Belis Aladag: But if it's not, if you're like, Well, half like the four milligrams is not holding me 100% I still get cravings and stuff and I need the whole tablet. And then we can increase it to like one tab and then maybe a half later on.
Okay.
Belis Aladag: So why don't I do that. Do you want me to give you enough as if you're taking one in the morning and a half later, just in case.
David Rudd: Yeah, that'd be good.
David Rudd: Yeah, but
Belis Aladag: Again, less is better because you want to be on the minimal dose, you need, but you don't want to be at risk of relapse.
David Rudd: Right, okay.
Belis Aladag: So start with half and try to do half twice a day.
Belis Aladag: If you can, if you can't, then you go to a full tab and then see how long that last year and then take another half with eating.
Okay.
Belis Aladag: Um,
Belis Aladag: What else, David. Okay, I got, I got a family history here from the past. I see your father has alcohol issues, right.
Yeah.
Belis Aladag: And tobacco, you were just about to smoke. So you do smoke tobacco.
David Rudd: Yeah yeah
Belis Aladag: Um, any interest in working on that now or later maybe
David Rudd: Tobacco yeah
Belis Aladag: Because we could do like nicotine patches and then Nick, you were the patch and if you still feel like smoking, I can give you like gum or candy like a lozenge and you're like, pop that in your mouth for the oral thing.
On top.
David Rudd: Would be cool.
Belis Aladag: Yeah, let's do that.
David Rudd: I'm smoking.
David Rudd: Smoking quite a bit lately. Probably like a pack a day. Okay.
Belis Aladag: So I'll give you the 21 milligram
Belis Aladag: microgram. What's the word patch.
Belis Aladag: Patch patch. You were one and for 24 hours. Some people take it off before bed but you can keep it on. It's up to you and then you take it off. You put a new one on somewhere else. The next day,
Okay.
David Rudd: As soon as the work together.
Belis Aladag: Yeah, it works well. It gives you that nicotine. So hopefully you're not like nicotine craving, but people still have that, like, Oh, well I slow. This is what I would want to smoke. Still they have that on it. It's okay to take a loss. Do you prefer the candy or do you prefer the gum.
David Rudd: Probably the candy. Yeah. And yeah, I think people like the candy better
Okay, so then you would pop a candy and each candy is worth one cigarette of nicotine.
Belis Aladag: Nicotine for the day, a whole packs worth on you, and then you're adding to it. So don't overdo the candy.
David Rudd: Right. Right. Okay.
Belis Aladag: And see how that works. Okay.
Belis Aladag: Yeah. Um, so we'll do those two things as well.
David Rudd: Cool.
Belis Aladag: So we'll do the tablets will do the nicotine passionate the nicotine candy or lozenge, and then I'm also going to give you, nor can nor can is a spray in your nostrils that reverses an overdose. So like if you do live with your family, are you
David Rudd: Yeah.
David Rudd: What do you live.
David Rudd: Your wife, my wife wife and kids. Yeah.
Belis Aladag: Okay wife and kids. So it's just something that you know you can show your wife, if you want, like in the event, God forbid, of an overdose where you're like, not responding. She can't wake you up.
Belis Aladag: She gets sprayed in your nose. It brings you back reverses the overdose, but it's temporary, you need to call 911 it's still you can slip back in if you don't get help.
David Rudd: Okay.
Belis Aladag: So I'll order that as well.
David Rudd: Well, she will do that.
Belis Aladag: Are you on any other medications.
David Rudd: Oh, no, no. Okay.
Belis Aladag: And is there any risk of suicide. Do you have any suicidal thoughts or history in the past or
David Rudd: No, no.
Belis Aladag: And and any meth use recently meth or marijuana or other stuff.
David Rudd: Marijuana marijuana. Okay. Okay.
Belis Aladag: And I mean, that's all I was going to ask you. Is there anything that you're that we're missing that we need to talk about
David Rudd: Um, no.
David Rudd: No.
Belis Aladag: All right, I'm gonna order this stuff for you.
David Rudd: It's gonna do, sorry. Is it can kind of like get ahold of you anytime or certain time, or how does that work.
Belis Aladag: Okay, so yes. So moving forward, I'm going to send you an email.
Belis Aladag: I work email. So you could respond to that. If you need to, but a best way is through virtual clinic so the
Belis Aladag: Email will I will say, Hey, welcome. And here's the virtual clinic zoom number
Belis Aladag: 800 number two. So if the virtual clinic is really booked up and they're making you wait and you're not getting in to see anybody you could call them and say, Hey, I'm stuck here. Can you help me out.
Okay.
Belis Aladag: They can connect you with me, they can
David Rudd: send messages anything about any situation, whatever. And then moving forward.
Belis Aladag: Do you feel comfortable with a Monday 9am group or there's a Thursday 4pm group.
David Rudd: Now Monday will will be better. Yeah.
Monday.
Belis Aladag: Monday 9am okay so we'll try the group thing. You know, it's a you know how it works. It's like a check in. We do your refill. If you have any questions or concerns, and then it's like a bunch of other guys.
David Rudd: Going through similar stuff and then
Belis Aladag: A therapist is usually with me to help me run the group and like have a theme of recovery.
Belis Aladag: So, you know, if we have time, you know,
With all the germs.
David Rudd: Okay.
David Rudd: Yeah. Yeah, that sounds good. Thank you.
Belis Aladag: You're welcome. So, so we got you. We got you connected your medication is going to write it on Barstow road.
Belis Aladag: Right. Okay. Cool. So
David Rudd: One more. So for the group. How do I get the right number just go to the virtual clinic.
Belis Aladag: Yes. So, okay, good questions. Is this yesterday we had a bunch of guys that like
Belis Aladag: Couldn't get in until later because they said there was a huge line at the virtual clinic. So my suggestion is, and every week. It changes the zoom number changes. So my suggestion is, why don't you try to get in like as early as possible so eight
Belis Aladag: Call the virtual clinic and say, okay, my group is at 9am. What is the number for it. And you know what do I need to do to check in.
David Rudd: Okay, and I'll get you the number. Okay, perfect.
Yeah.
David Rudd: So Monday, like say 837 nine. Okay.
Then
What else
David Rudd: Any questions. No, I think that's it.
Okay.
Belis Aladag: Is your wife supportive of you.
Yeah.
David Rudd: Yeah.
David Rudd: Yeah, so far so far. So, you know, yeah, she she's getting tired of it.
Belis Aladag: Yeah, but I'm glad that you're trying and you're
David Rudd: Yeah, you're like,
Belis Aladag: Yourself better and then your kids. How old are your kids.
David Rudd: That three. I have a 12 year old five year old and a two year old to live here.
David Rudd: Oh, when I was 18 year old day he's older he's in college.
Belis Aladag: Oh wow, okay. So you got three living with you into
David Rudd: Right, yeah. Okay.
Belis Aladag: You got, you got a lot of responsibility.
David Rudd: I know, yeah.
Belis Aladag: And then with this virus and no school off, gosh, it's terrible. Isn't it
David Rudd: Yeah.
Belis Aladag: Yeah, cuz I got two little ones myself. One is that three. The other one is four and a half.
David Rudd: Oh yeah so
Belis Aladag: The handful at home, you know,
David Rudd: Oh yeah but trying to keep them entertained.
Belis Aladag: Okay, all right, David. Good.
Belis Aladag: You're back and this time. Let's make it happen.
David Rudd: Okay, cool.
Belis Aladag: See you. So I'll see you like nine ish let's say 839 on Monday. So, you will have enough medication to last you until then the medication, remember, is half twice a day, but I'm going to give you enough as if you're taking one and a half a day. Justin just
Belis Aladag: Increase to that if there's any further problems, you can call us.
David Rudd: Okay. And I can go pick that up.
David Rudd: Just when do you know. All right.
Belis Aladag: I'll order it right now as we
Go.
David Rudd: Right on. Thank you very much. Cool. All right, so we'll see you Monday.
Belis Aladag: But look, remember to wait a little bit. You seem okay
Belis Aladag: Yeah I would wait like tonight, maybe even early morning to take it.
David Rudd: Yeah, no. Yeah, I'm gonna wait as long as I can. Yeah. Okay. Alright. Have a good night. Thanks.